h1. YUI Git

This is an attempt at making a: @git yui@ command line tool for use when contributing to YUI.

h2. Screen Shots

Added Screen Shots here: "http://wiki.github.com/davglass/yui-git/screen-shots":http://wiki.github.com/davglass/yui-git/screen-shots

h2. Installation

h3. Mac/Linux
You must have python/setuptools installed on your machine before this will work.

h3. Windows/Cygwin
Install python in cygwin, then download and install setuptools:
http://pypi.python.org/packages/source/s/setuptools/setuptools-0.6c9.tar.gz#md5=3864c01d9c719c8924c455714492295e

cd setuptools-*
python setup.py install

Now install the simplejson module
easy_install simplejson

Now clone the project. Then place the @git-yui@ file in your path somewhere.


That should do it. Eventually, I'll build a Makefile for it :)

h3. TODO (in order of importance)

* Sync Sources (working)
* Fetch/Merge another users repo (working)
* Build a Component from Source (working[1])
* Build all Component Sources (working[1])
* Generate API Docs (working[2])
* Run JSLint on a file (working)
* List all project forks (working)
* Submit a Pull Request (working)
* Create Build Files (working)
* Bash Completion Support[5]
* Windows Support[4]
* Commit/Comment on a ticket (working)
* View summary of a ticket (working)
* View a list of your tickets (working)

fn1. Partially working, waiting on developers to standardize build files

fn2. Partially working, all docs currently throws an error (one of the files in src is bad.).

fn4. If anyone wants to help out with this part, please do. I don't like building dev tools on Windows.

fn5. Partial Bash completion working for the top most commands. Info added "here":http://wiki.github.com/davglass/yui-git/bash-completion
